friends here.
We're going to see how toe install eight Were Meritor on offer that we're going to see how
to use your atrium later to run your pie Transcripts.
Friends first Awful.
As an automation unit,
you should be good with your common line to use your python.
I mean to write your pythons could be hard to use v a r b a matter.
And then you had to run your script from common land itself.
But anyway,
you have some Do you A does to write your python scripts and to run your python scripts,
right?
So that one day with you are any do you a disease?
You can write your court and then you can run such that the court and the airport You can
see in this single window that is a hard one days with you.
Do a dis That's it.
Fine.
No,
Here we're going to see how to install.
What age do you meet her first?
There's nothing,
is there.
It's very simple.
Just weapon you are Broza under.
Then enter here to,
um dot Linda 10 badly.
You're going to read Art India page where you can see don't know option for your Windows 64
bit or the 64 bit with no seven or later.
Just look on this.
Thank So you don't know this.
It will take some time on your going to download dot txt file.
So first you have to sell this fight.
I'm going to cancel it because already I don't know that fight.
We just don't know this.
Then let me open my don't Lord for that data.
How already?
My a b m set up for 64.
Big settled,
Right,
Fine.
So,
case now,
what do you want to do is just double click on this,
right?
So it is going toe set up or it is going to install this eight.
Pm on your server on your work PC,
right?
It will take some time.
You have to wait some time to complete this set up.
Right?
So upto that I'm going to mute once it is done,
then we'll go with for the steps.
Please wait.
And meanwhile,
you just try toe do your installation simultaneously only.
What's that about?
Right.
Fine.
But it will take some time to do set up to install it were 8 p.m. do you have to wait?
It's starting like the progress you can see on your task bar.
Right?
Atrium is being installed.
It will launch once it is done.
So once.
If your dream is install automatically,
it will launch that A B M editor like fine.
So that I'm going to mute.
Just observe that it will take some time.
It'll take almost two minutes.
This you had to wait for that.
-
So
meanwhile,
you just don't load your atrium from your it.
We're not.
I will website then try to install right CJ's to install your eight William.
Right?
Just I'm going to give steps anyway.
The boss is weighing on first open ur browser.
Right?
Then enter a world that is atrium.
Not I will.
Then there you will have a don't know option.
Just a donor That known lord there,
William.
Right?
It is a not e xy set up once it is.
Don't Lord it right then double click on that on Wait some time because it will take some
time to load are set up right?
Let me see the Progress State.
It's taken some time
friends
a whole lot off Jew waiters like sublime text by charm Agrium,
right?
You can use anyone off the editor.
So most of the cases I will use sublime checks,
but it is a license one but a two year Mr Open source you can directly download and install
.
But whereas in sublime you can download and install.
But it you need a license to activate the full washing off your sublime text that please
don't go with sublime text.
But of course I'm going to use that.
But please try to do Please try to use it to him in case if you want the waiters off course
,
you're also having pyjamas.
But that is also good.
One you can use by Tom as well.
Right?
Fine.
Your installation is done Now it is going to a weapon.
You are every major.
It will automatically weapon.
You just wait sometimes not a Okay,
Fine.
See,
guys wanted his weapon,
right?
Goto file Goto You were filed and here we have a certain things where these settings are in
settings.
You have somewhere teens.
Suppose if I select a team,
see that you have different options.
You wait Team.
That means this anti window team You can change it for your different teams.
Suppose I'm going to take one light?
See that?
But I don't want to use this team.
Just use defaulting.
That's a good one.
But if you want,
you can take anything.
ADM Dark,
That's it.
One of them Let me close.
All of these acres has off Now then let me open new file Audie combatively if it click here
Yeah,
it is opening,
right?
So let me write some simple pipe landscape.
Just simply I'm writing print Welcome to care to Young Ju Y editor right?
And then save while saving Please please mention dot Beware extension.
So I'm writing Supposed them order B y.
So it is.
There's no problem I want to replace that.
Fine No See that you're getting some color for your pie transcript.
Now,
if you want to change this editor team nothing is there again just to go with your file
then settings on them Theme Seems so here you have syntax team you can sell appear
different team let me apply Base 64 tomorrow Light bike Now open your find See?
Now you have a different team here,
right?
But if you want to use the four you can use It are.
If you want to change any other one,
let me big settings.
So I'm going to take suppose this one.
We'll see here.
That's it.
Okay,
Plane guys,
after saving your code.
If you want to run your python script,
just press control shift on B.
But as off No,
it is not running.
The reason is automatically your age,
do you,
Major,
right?
Yeah,
I know you got it.
Welcome to eight OMG.
Waiter.
So you got this because I already have a previous conflagration.
It is.
That's where you're getting this.
Let me show you that certain things,
certain things then go with E install.
Right?
So here,
such a package called script.
See that already?
It was there with my host.
That's why.
Automatically or maybe,
um,
Fetcher,
that So if you're such with the script,
you will get this escape run called in eight pm on.
Then you will see here option like this one.
Install right.
My heart.
But I already installed that.
That's why it is able to show that certain things uninstalling disabled,
right?
Somebody If I disable this,
that means as in that there is no script package with my atrium Edita right now.
If I try to run,
see that you won't get in output.
Now you're Skip Condon.
So not only for your fight on if you want to run.
Any type off script which was supported by you are a beom to run that strip.
First of all,
you need to install a package called Script.
So just select install and then come here.
Such for the script of package.
Right?
Reality.
It was there with my host.
That's why just I'm enabling enable.
If it is not that I will get uptown like install yard install.
It will take some time,
guys.
Nearly 2 to 3 minutes to retake.
To install you are skipped a package.
So what is the use off?
This package means this package will automatically identify the bite on abortion,
which is dead on your operating system.
Whatever the fight on Western,
you install on your operating system that python will be sick for your eight pia mater to
run your python scripts on your way to a murder is going toe.
Identify your python based on your environment variables if you remember while installing
or bite on.
We set some an internment variable or part for your PC by selecting properties are doing
system settings.
Then in environment variables,
we have apart and eat it.
See that fight on 37?
Washington was selector for your operating system.
The same python will be used by your age.
Lemaitre with help off script A package nothing.
Is there guys once if you install it were atrium simply goto file then certain things and
then goto install and then such a package called script and then it will display its script
.
A pack is something like this script.
Some Washington run courting atrium just installed that right?
So after that,
just select Europe I transcript by clicking on numerator.
Then press on your keyboard control shift and then be now it is going to run.
See the output in the below.
You're getting your output here,
right?
So what is the point on Washington?
This 80 a murder is using.
So as of now,
you don't know about modules,
right?
There is a model called states with your fight on using that,
you can able to find out the washing off your python which is run in your pipe on court.
Right?
Let me run it.
Candles shift to be so that would put $3.7 dollars.
Zero in case if you modify.
If you modify you were part to do some other washing off your python here automatically
that Brighton will be used by your atrium editor.
That's it,
Right,
Fine.
So after installing you escape after testing your pie transcript whether it is running
successfully or not,
just close it right.
Ck's once.
If we install your bite on,
you may get some shot.
Good for you were a teammate on your desktop.
If it is not just to click your start,
so see here you will see some eight pm editor.
Just click on that,
then it will open.
You are eight pm editor,
but you're going toe open.
You are area mater.
Yes,
it's opening.
Right.
So suppose if you already some pie transcripts on if you want to,
we run those bite on skips using your area.
Mater,
you have an option called file.
Just set up your folder open.
Fuller said like that.
In which location?
How Your python scripts.
Let me go with one of the location.
Sorry.
Let me select.
Let me select a date.
Three static,
No,
Inside that engaging from any python scripts.
All those kids are going to weapon here.
Not really What he will do.
See there.
Let me select some of the python script called.
Suppose this one.
Just don't Vikander,
you're going to get your bite on Skippy here,
Then click there and then control shift to be right now you're going to get your output
here.
Do that in Berlin,
Index.
Yeah.
Maybe this is by tawn three,
right?
I'm using maybe bite on 3 13 line.
Yeah.
So here I need a parent.
Is this year civic and then run it condole shift to be Yes.
You got your output,
right?
Nothing.
So,
guys,
after installing you are a two year mater What your next step is?
If you want to change some teams,
you can change it,
but not enough that apparently can use default teams Then install script the package on a
war atrium.
So how be installed?
This if installed,
is then only it were host to fight on.
Software will be identified by your 8 p.m. On the court in your atrium will be run by that
fight on software in your area.
Mater.
So to install script A package right back.
His name is simply script days.
What you have to do is goto.
You would see that Fine.
Then select settings the lender select install.
Then you will get a such bar.
So it's such with the script.
Then you will get a script.
A package.
So there you have the option called install.
Just install it.
Nothing.
Then after that,
he just to close your atrium and then re weapon.
Right?
So one more thing once if he install you are a two year Meritor,
right automatically.
You may get short cut off your a t m on they were they stop.
If not,
no problem.
Just sell.
API will start and then click here so that he will go up.
Anyone atrium married up.
That's it,
right?
So,
guys,
going forward,
I may use most of the cases sublime texting because for presentation,
but was that is good,
right?
But you can practice your course using your atrium,
right,
and also I to right the core using via or via Mater,
and try to run your court from common line as Well,
right.
If you're looking for automation unit,
that is the best option,
actually,
for application development,
something like that.
Actually,
these geo,
it'll start good,
because for application dollar money No,
you'll have some number off folders.
Some remember off applications.
He's application will have some ul.
Some use some Devi mortals.
That's why different files he help.
So maybe you're going to work Are two different files are the different times.
That's why it is easy to select a Here you are required files with the waiters,
I So,
anyway,
guys,
your home number off aiders Just select based on your choice.
Go with you.
Were required.
Are your favorite A.
Don't try to practice your python scripts.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this with you.